So now we want to do is we want to open up our power shelf.
So I'm going to open up my power shall see and I don't know the server and then install the official
script and then see
one save.
You want to open up.
They just do.
And I'm going to open up a server and I'm going to get two routes.
I mean yes.
And right below saying let's make the same topic cons and then.
Right.
Because too little wire.
And then we're going to pass the secret key.
So let's go back to Chrome and I'm going to copy this entire thing copy it and I'm going to paste it
here
and maximized this so that somebody in the next video we going to actually create and not a schema call
or the schema.
So I'll see you guys in the next video.